UPDATES.md, before:

# UPDATES AND CHANGELOGS

## All Changelogs

---
---

2021/3/10

- Replaced **BetaPenta, AlphaPenta, AlphaHexa** to **Hexagon, Heptagon, Octagon**
- Replaced The names of bots
- Added the name of bot = **Pet,SPIN=TEAM!**,
- Removed The Shape Of **Beta Tester**, `exports.testbed`,
- Removed All The Tiers Of **Beta Tester** and Start Making New one
- Replaced **Brutalizer** To Surfer
- You Can Now Upgrade BattleShip using **Doubletwin** and Cruiser using **Twin** 
- **Tripletwin** Can Upgrade In Flank's Tier 3 Class.
- Added **AK-47** In Beta Tank Class.
- Removed The Arras Version Of **Readme.md**
- Added My Version Of **Readme.md**
---
---

2020/12/9

- Start making **Poison Machgun** `exports.poisonmach`

---
---

2020/8/3

- Added **Arrow** `exports.arrow`
- Completed **Crossbow** `exports.crossbow`

---
---

2020/8/1

- Debuffed **Pentamancer**
- Completed **Healer** `exports.healer`
- Added **Triangle Bullet** `exports.trianglet`
- Completed **Triangle Shooter** `exports.bigtrishooter`

---
---

2020/7/31

- Completed **Pentamancer** `exports.pentaseer`

---
---

2020/7/27

- Added **Double Machgunner** `exports.doublegunner`
- Added **Quadra Machgunner** `exports.quadragunner`
- Added **Necromonster** `exports.necromonster`
- Added **Automancer** `exports.autonecro`
---
---

2020/7/25

- Added **Lancer** `exports.lance`

---
---

2020/7/23

- Removed **AK47** because of overpowered 
- **AK47** Completed `exports.ak47`

---
---

2020/7/21

- **Boosted Fighter** Completed `exports.booghter`

---
---

2020/7/5

- **Extinguisher** Completed `exports.extinct`
- Debuffed **Sniper Rifle**

---
---

2020/7/3

- Added **Poison Bullet** `exports.poisonbullet`

---
---

2020/7/1

- **Lazer** Completed `exports.lazer`
- Added **Lazerbeam** `exports.lazerbeam`

---
---

2020/6/17

- **Sniper Rifle** Completed `exports.sniprifle`

---
---

2020/6/10

- **Bots** Can Upgrade Random Tanks.
- Added **Tier 5**
-

---
---

2020/5/21

- Added **Tier 4**

---
---

Commit message:

🗃🐟 Checkpoint ./Readme.md:27659364/231 ./package.json:27659364/532 ./UPDATES.md:27659364/55 ./server.js:27659364/120

UPDATES.md, after:

# UPDATES AND CHANGELOGS

## All Changelogs

---
---

2021/3/10

- Replaced **BetaPenta, AlphaPenta, AlphaHexa** to **Hexagon, Heptagon, Octagon**
- Replaced The names of bots
- Added the name of bot = **Pet,SPIN=TEAM!**,
- Removed The Shape Of **Beta Tester**, `exports.testbed`,
- Removed All The Tiers Of **Beta Tester** and Start Making New one
- Replaced **Brutalizer** To Surfer
- You Can Now Upgrade BattleShip using **Doubletwin** and Cruiser using **Twin** 
- **Tripletwin** Can Upgrade In Flank's Tier 3 Class.
- Added **AK-47** In Beta Tank Class.
- Removed The Arras Version Of **Readme.md**
- Added My Version Of **Readme.md**,
- Upgraded The Package Of **google-closure-library**

---
---

2020/12/9

- Start making **Poison Machgun** `exports.poisonmach`

---
---

2020/8/3

- Added **Arrow** `exports.arrow`
- Completed **Crossbow** `exports.crossbow`

---
---

2020/8/1

- Debuffed **Pentamancer**
- Completed **Healer** `exports.healer`
- Added **Triangle Bullet** `exports.trianglet`
- Completed **Triangle Shooter** `exports.bigtrishooter`

---
---

2020/7/31

- Completed **Pentamancer** `exports.pentaseer`

---
---

2020/7/27

- Added **Double Machgunner** `exports.doublegunner`
- Added **Quadra Machgunner** `exports.quadragunner`
- Added **Necromonster** `exports.necromonster`
- Added **Automancer** `exports.autonecro`
---
---

2020/7/25

- Added **Lancer** `exports.lance`

---
---

2020/7/23

- Removed **AK47** because of overpowered 
- **AK47** Completed `exports.ak47`

---
---

2020/7/21

- **Boosted Fighter** Completed `exports.booghter`

---
---

2020/7/5

- **Extinguisher** Completed `exports.extinct`
- Debuffed **Sniper Rifle**

---
---

2020/7/3

- Added **Poison Bullet** `exports.poisonbullet`

---
---

2020/7/1

- **Lazer** Completed `exports.lazer`
- Added **Lazerbeam** `exports.lazerbeam`

---
---

2020/6/17

- **Sniper Rifle** Completed `exports.sniprifle`

---
---

2020/6/10

- **Bots** Can Upgrade Random Tanks.
- Added **Tier 5**
-

---
---

2020/5/21

- Added **Tier 4**

---
---
